1) YOU WILL NEED TO MODIFY ONE LINE IN ORDER TO RUN THIS CODE PROPERLY:
Before you run metalcheck.sh, you must edit "pkdgravdir" on the third line to 
reflect YOUR updated, compiled version of gasoline.  Once you have pointed 
to your pkdgrav directory, nothing else needs to be changed. 

2) Running the script: THIS SCRIPT REQUIRES IDL
Immediately upon running the script, you will be asked for one piece of input.  
You must declare whether you are running gasoline using a Miller-Scalo (MS) or 
Kroupa (K) IMF.  The script first calls gasoline to run the simulation, then 
calls a number of IDL programs in order to compare the analytic and actual   
yields.  
	You should expect gasoline to take approximately 20 minutes to 
run the simulation (though expect variations based on processor speed).  The 
IDL results follow within a minute of gasoline's completion. 

3) RESULTS of the script  
   - A series of information regarding the expected analytical yields and the 
actual yields generated in the simulation is output to the screen.  
   - If the results vary by 2-5% percent, a warning is directed to the screen.  
In most cases, this discrepancy is nothing to worry about, and likely has more 
to do with the finite size of the timesteps than a problem with the code.  
However, you are advised to look closely at the output numbers to determine if 
there really is a problem. (Example: the code finds the average mass of star 
that has gone SN during a given timestep. At early times, it's not surprising 
that this leads to some small discrepancy for SNII.)
   - If the results vary by more than 5%, a warning that there is something 
wrong is directed to the screen.  

4) This code generates a number of files (see below).  To remove the files 
produces in running the script, run clean.sh.  You may then run the script 
again if you need to.

GOAL:
The script 'metalcheck.sh' is designed to run a series of tests to check if the metal 
yields of gasoline match those we expect analytically.  It calculates the expected 
yields based on either the Kroupa or Miller-Scalo IMF, and compares to the simulation 
output.  It also checks whether the expected timescales for yields match those 
expected analytically for a zero metallicity star (based on Raiteri et al. 1996).

NOTE: The script will run a simulation that contains one star (zero metallicity) 
inside a virialized ball of gas.  The timesteps of this simulation, and various 
other output generated by the code and script, will be put in your working 
directory.  

